When you are satisfied that your program is correct, write a brief analysis
document. Ensure that your analysis document addresses the following.

1. If you had backed the sorted set with a Java List instead of a basic array,
summarize the main points in which your implementation would have differed. Do
you expect that using a Java List would have more or less efficient and why?
(Consider efficiency both in running time and in program development time.)

We could have used the built in functions for the list we used, allowing us to not worry about growing the list ourselves
We would have been able to code much quicker, but the runtime would most likely not change much, possible going slightly slower

2. What do you expect the Big-O behavior of BinarySearchSet's contains method
to be and why?

O( lg( N ) )
It runs constant time functions in a loop that runs lgN times because we cut it in half each time

3. Plot the running time of BinarySearchSet's contains method, using the timing
techniques demonstrated in previous labs. Be sure to use a decent iteration
count to get a reasonable average of running times. Include your plot in your
analysis document. Does the growth rate of these running times match the Big-oh
behavior you predicted in question 2?

The average slowly goes up with a lot of noise, and seems to match the timing of lg( N ) from the question above


4. Consider your add method. For an element not already contained in the set,
how long does it take to locate the correct position at which to insert the
element? Create a plot of running times. Pay close attention to the problem
size for which you are collecting running times. Beware that if you simply add
N items, the size of the sorted set is always changing. A good strategy is to
fill a sorted set with N items and time how long it takes to add one additional
item. To do this repeatedly (i.e., iteration count), remove the item and add it
again, being careful not to include the time required to call remove() in your
total. In the worst-case, how much time does it take to locate the position to
add an element (give your answer using Big-oh)?

It takes N^2 time to find and insert a random location in the array
O( N^2 )



Upload your analysis document addressing these questions as a PDF document with
your solution.

